Yes is the channel very much Hello up this time introduce the number of items is here
I'm so charged Sonic Arrow Yes this is a new generation rider Well there are four people but
Well everyone will be specified but
Please remember that people are not this Sony as a common equipment of all four
Garloger
Oh dear
It is equipped with this new generation 4 as a standard, but
I thought i was going to buy this time
I bought this and I couldn't find anything else
So I lost my money this time
I was thinking about making it for a while, so I made this one when I made it.
Want to think
Well in So yes
Ne
It looks like this when viewed from the front
Another such it's Well big and surprising
It may look pretty small, but it's still in the back
The back side is like this The back side was also quite good
Let's take a look at high Sai Wuhan
First of all, here it is here
Yes
First saw people noticed some people Kamozo
I'm sorry but this is different from selling from coming port
There 's no source here .
It's just so simple that it was bothersome to make
But it hurts me to say that it is just making it bothersome to make it
Kotoden that this time will be left
I Well grip has so become
It is quite square and
No trigger yes
In another well was unlucky I Well Well I'd thought I won 1
Yeah I thought I got into another
And this is heavy but
It is likely to put a part of this house
Yes
Yes here it is Yano part
I worked very hard here, but I am modeling +
And I forgot the tension here or the paint is Sneka
It's not here, but here is the place I did my best
Here actually this marketed
It is possible to set this lock seed, but it is also such a feature
It is described in the after
Dea is like this and the opposite is like this
Well 9 and one of it pretty ordinary
I did it, but it took quite a while
I still think I'm quite good
Yes
This is the man this time in So
Slashing
It is a bow and arrow that I can do it already
Oh dear
Well this is that I tried to make it here and I did not have a circle, so I made it this time.
There is no sound, so
After all it is only Zangi Kanfull but it is also true
Bow draft Nekou - Well, not that it can not Maamu share because you go anyway Tteyuu is
This time I was attached with a gimmick
I 'm just saying I 'm pulling here and talking
Pulling and pulling
Yes
Hmm
Place but it is not visible already become such like this
Yes it will be quite long
In Awww
Was all the trees have noticed this
It is fixed here
I'll go back a little bit, but it's over here
Dema rest is I feel it 's back on your own like this
Pretty mansion and buttons of Toka here mean that yes
In fixed is I zoom fixed but here I state Tteyuu no longer anything anymore at all guidance
Also
Yes it contains the following gimmick
We use this woman's energy lock seed this time
I will set it here
I can do it
Yes
If you fall in love
Lock
Do you understand yes? It is locked properly
But is something funny I will not do it by being
In the merchant Ne who did this here
I'm back but here
It 's okay, Ana
There
It says that it is loaded here, but in a voice
It is quite over
gimmick
Well this is the cause of it
Please gone entered to said melon Energy whether
In Akore guess this
Closed Do Well really I'd think well understood to say I have stuck here
You can not remove it just by all means
Four
And of course this
Can be set
You can also set this ordinary lock seed
Yes
Then
Lock
It will be properly I dock
Yes Shirai order after it is perfect in this is only Tteyuu pull heartily
Yes Hein went
I Anti-kneaded
Even in this state
As if I can not get it well
It is hard to come off 4
I 'm making it
So, this time it was a movie I tried to make this early birth system Sonic Arrow
As Is the met nuller